Zhenzhen, you are so heartless.
How can you say that about your mother?
What did I do?
You have everything to eat and live for now
Everything you have, a comfortable life
Didn't I give it to you?
What did you say I did?
You give me this, do I really need this?
Did you ever really try to care about me?
You know, in front of your daughter
To reprimand his father
How did he feel?
Have you ever understood
You don't even know that I have a boyfriend
You don't even know
You never cared about me at all
It's really not like this, really
Dad, let's go
If he wants you to keep trusting this guy
Just make him believe it. Let's go
Wei Wei, are you alright?
Weiwei mother
What's your trouble?
Mom?
I didn't expect what my mother said to hurt you
I didn't mean to say I like to be angry with you.
I'm taking you to the hospital now
It's okay, mom keeps the medicine
Just take a break.
OK
I'll take you home now.
Let's go
This girl looks more and more like me
It really looks like a big sister
What is Hailiang doing here?
Hurry up and drive for big brother
Hurry up
Where are you driving to?
I helped you so much.
How can you thank me?
Tonight you are mine, don't make a fuss
Who made trouble with you?
Okay, I have something big to tell you
It's not a big deal here